In this lesson, we'll first learn about A/B and multivariate
experiments before discussing the benefits and drawbacks of each type of test.
We will also talk about how and when to use each type of experiment.
In the second part of this lesson,
we'll discuss how to instrument and track user actions during tests.
This is important as we need to ensure the correct tracking
is in place to be able to see whether our tests are a success.
We'll also discuss how to place participants into test and
control groups to ensure an unbiased sample,
so that we know the results of an experiment can be trusted.
Finally, in the last part of this lesson,
we'll learn how to analyze test results to ensure findings are statistically significant.
The findings from experiments can show
product managers whether to expand the feature to more users,
or whether to go back to the drawing board
as part of an iterative cycle of product design.